Clarify re-indexing (#296)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/logs.md

The figure below shows the search result for **OPA** logs.
![OPA logs](../img/opa_log.png)

## Handling Mapping Conflicts

If you get the following error:

```error
Mapping conflict! A field is defined as several types (string,
integer, etc) across the indices that match this pattern. You may still
be able to use these conflict fields in parts of Kibana, but they will
be unavailable for functions that require Kibana to know their type.
Correcting this issue will require re-indexing your data.
```

This means that your application has changed the type of a field in your structured logs. For example, say version A of your application logs the HTTP request path in `request`. Later, version B logs the HTTP request path in `request.path` and the HTTP verb in `request.verb`. Essentially, `request` has changed from string to dictionary.

As a first step, review your application change management policy to reduce the chance of a log field changing type.

Second, ask your administrator to re-index the affected indices.

!!!note

>     Re-indexing requires a lot of permissions, including creating/deleting/renaming indices and change Index Lifecycle Management (ILM) policies. This may interfere with audit logs and [compromise platform security](/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/demarcation/). Therefore, to ensure platform security, re-indexing can only be performed by Compliant Kubernetes administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Re-indexing requires a lot of permissions, including creating and deleting indices, and changing Index templates. This may interfere with audit logs and [compromise platform security](/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/demarcation/). Therefore, to ensure platform security, re-indexing can only be performed by Compliant Kubernetes administrators.
```
